[EigenSolvers] Add instructions for installing MKL with apt (#6294)
KratosMultiphysics/Kratos: applications/EigenSolversApplication/README.md

    ```batch
    source ~/intel/mkl/bin/mklvars.sh intel64 lp64
    ```

## Install MKL on Ubuntu with apt

> Open a terminal windows an run the following commands to install MKL from the official Intel repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open a terminal window and run the following commands to install MKL from the official Intel repository:
```
